# Integration of SysML models in 3D

Automon is a library that combines the power of AOP (AspectJ) with monitoring or logging tools. JObfuscator is a source code obfuscator. Smooks is a framework for building event-driven applications that break up XML and non-XML data into chunks for data integration. jOOX stands for Object Oriented XML. Micronaut is a full stack Java framework designed for building modular JVM applications. db4o (database for objects). Advanced Simulation Library (ASL). Chrono is an open-source multi-physics simulation framework. NVIDIA PhysicsNeMo is an open-source deep-learning framework for building, training, fine-tuning, and inferring Physics AI models. OSMO is a platform for scaling complex Physical AI workloads across heterogeneous compute. Modelica3D is a lightweight 3D-visualisation library. vulkan4j is a series of graphics and relevant API binding for Java. LWJGL is a Java library that enables cross-platform access to native APIs useful in the development of parallel computing and XR applications. Modelica library for interactive simulation. Library for fault modelling in Modelica. This software provides the user a tool (sdf2modelica) and a C++ library to convert 3D rigid body mechanical systems described by the Gazebo Simulator's Simulation Description Format files to Modelica models that use the Mechanics MultiBody library. The ExternalMedia library provides a framework for interfacing external codes computing fluid properties to Modelica.Media-compatible component models. O3DE (Open 3D Engine) is an open-source, real-time, multi-platform 3D engine that enables developers to build high-fidelity simulations. 3D Engine with Blender Integration. OpenARK is an open-source wearable augmented reality (AR) system. CityEngine is a 3D city modeling software for urban design, visual effects, and VR/AR production. Bullet Physics SDK: real-time collision detection and multi-physics simulation. Simulation framework for nonsmooth dynamical systems. Convert VRML or X3D models to XML3D

## Bibliographic Sources

* [Integration of SysML models in a 3D environment for Virtual Testing and Validation
](https://dl.acm.org/doi/fullHtml/10.1145/3531056.3542784)